you're on track to be a teenage
billionaire how much does Ryan get to
keep of all this oh be careful Ryan
people recognize me like hey Ryan I just
realized that we famous what's been the
biggest sponsorship that you've said no
to millions of dollars we lost revenue
of 70% I just pushed through you're the
first Creator ever to have a Macy Day
Parade balloon and to have a product in
Walmart that's sold over $1 billion to
just go from just a regular immigrant
family and then now full link feature
movie that's a big step if like Ryan
were to call it quits what would
happen you're very good at what you
do guys I'm so excited for this
interview I so rare to get all three of
you together sitting down so thanks for
joining me thanks for having us okay I
want to Rattle off some firsts uh that
you guys have done cuz you guys have
really pioneered so many things on
YouTube you are the first creators to
have a product line in Walmart which has
now sold over $1 billion
you're the first Creator to have your
own Macy's Thanksgiving Day balloon and
you're the first Creator to be have an
any nominated show Ryan's mystery playd
dat I feel like you guys have dominated
YouTube but the kid side of things
doesn't often get the same credit I
wanted to start off by just pulling this
video that I found because it's you guys
in Walmart and Ryan you have a police
escort in Walmart uh which was crazy to
see how old were you do you remember
that looks like four or five oh my
gosh yeah so the reason why we did that
is we had a limited of time to to do fan
meet up and we were weren't able to get
through all the fans in time yeah cuz
some of the fans they drove hours just
to see us in the Bentonville yeah it was
incredible because before that you know
this is our very first Fanny Meetup and
sure you see the numbers on screen but
it doesn't translate until you actually
see it in real life so when we saw that
all these people drive from afar flew
from afar to just come see us I think
that was the big moment right that we
realized like oh there's actually people
watching us you know I mean those
numbers are crazy you guys have over 10
different YouTube channels over 80
billion views across them um you have a
mobile game with 34 million downloads um
I want to break down Ryan's World from
the business side how big is the team
that runs this and take me through like
how you're able to maintain this then
we'll rewind back to talk about how this
all happened yeah for the production
side um you know we own the studio in
Houston it's called sunlight
entertainment and we have fulltime
employee about 30 employee 30 to 40
employees and it breaks down to video
editors producers animators voice actors
on camera Talent script writers uh
they're all producing contents for
YouTube and some of the stuff it's
outside for you outside YouTube um but
yeah our company is mainly working on
the production side of the content and
then we partner with pocket watch to
produce
um R world uh Toy products and TV series
also we partner with pocket watch to
produce TV as well so uh you know
YouTube production we mainly handle it
and we produce over probably 10 20
videos each week each week yeah wow not
not not all of them has Ryan you're
wondering but the reason why we
streamlined the work on the production
was because we wanted to minimize Ryan's
participation on camera so we introduced
animated characters who could take over
some of the the Camera Part
participation so we minimize Ryan's uh
filming time each week to 30 minutes to
1 hour oh wow while we producing that
amount of the content and Ryan what's
what's your day-to-day like in the
content and the videos that go out well
usually we film on the weekends cuz
that's when I have the most time cuz
like other days I have school and then
extracurricular
activities so yeah that's usually when I
film and stuff um I want to rewind back
because right now billions of views big
team like that's so much to take in but
to me as a new dad and a full-time
creator that runs like a lot of things
with my wife um I have to ask you guys
about the days that you guys decideed to
quit your job because Lan you're a
chemistry teacher right um Sean you're a
engineer um roughly like how much were
you making at that time and how did you
decide okay you know what we're going to
let go of these professions that were
more stable to go
and invest in a YouTube channel when
YouTube was still much like earlier than
it is today yeah it wasn't really well
known that you can monetize content back
then you know it was very early on and
you know when I voed my idea of leaving
the company as a structure engineer and
creating the studio a lot of my bosses
were concerned just just thought it
wouldn't be a actual career yeah uh so
that was kind of conversation that I had
with them but know when I first look at
Ryan and his fans and his content what I
noticed was you know often the YouTubers
were seen as affiliator the people who
promote other content or other brand
yeah but when I see Ryan and his fans I
feel like Ryan himself or his channel
itself is a brand and when we noticed
that we thought it's something that we
can scale it up and then with a support
of the production team and um yeah it's
something that we can make it bigger and
we thought it has a huge potential even
for Ryan's career too we felt like it
could lead to something else which
really did it lead led to him being on
TV and the movie eventually and and the
voice actor so I'm we're glad the we did
the uh what we did what year was that
when you guys decided to quit your jobs
I think it was 2016 oh wow yeah how how
much as an engineer were you making at
that time uh about 100K 100K yeah more
or less yeah I was on a teacher salary
so you guys all know what that's like
for for me the reason why I decided to
go in it um to quit my job was really
the moment when I found out that I was
pregnant with Emma and Kate twin girls
and looking back at it when you know I
was thinking about to do all I mean it's
a big step you know like I mean yeah we
don't know how cuz when when that
happened we don't realize how long would
YouTube Last right there's so much of
the unknown but as a teacher I also know
know that I'm not getting paid that much
right I mean teachers are very
underrated and the fact that I'm going
to have twins and Ryan was three that is
three kids that I would have to put in
daycare for me to put three kids into
daycare paying the daycare fee and then
me still teaching it just doesn't make
sense I'd rather be home and taking care
of my own kids what was was there a
number that you're like we want to make
this much off of YouTube before we're
comfortable making it our full-time
profession or like what did the finances
look like of the YouTube channel at that
point
at that time it was way beyond our
salary so it was it was already there
while you guys were balancing it with
your jobs correct when we made one month
was way more than I could have made in a
whole year you know so even that was the
risk we're willing to take because even
if the YouTube thing didn't work out we
still have the backup saving that we got
from YouTube to try to you know keep us
going while we go back to our regular
jobs you know so yeah and also we had
enough saving for us to to start a
company and and invest money on the new
team you know we had some ideas we feel
like we could build out something
outside of Ryan to help uh uh build his
channel bigger and brand bigger so the
first thing we did was you know
introduce a puppet character as a
separate Channel and then we started
introducing animated characters and then
on camera Talent all the investment that
we made for our Channel and our brand
was a lot of times it's outside of Ryan
but to support his brand M uh that way
we can um expand the brand without
putting too much stress or pressure on
him yeah Ryan did you realize all the
things that your parents were doing to
help set this up like I'm like for me
I'm like my daughter's going to know
about every diaper she that I changed
even though I didn't change as many as
my she's going to know when she do you
realize now like like growing up like
how different or special this situation
was yeah I realized that my parents did
like a lot for me for the channel for
like and for me and my sisters as I grew
up was there a moment that it hit you or
you're still becoming aware of this CU
you're you're right now 12 13 years old
if if I recall 12 yeah like it was there
a moment that you're like oh what we're
doing as a family is different than
other families uh yeah I like
realized when like people recognized me
and like hey you're Ryan just realized
that we were famous off of it and that
it was a thing that people didn't
normally do
yeah but we want to make sure you know
the YouTube doesn't become just majority
of Ryan's you know daily life so one one
thing we prioritized was his school work
and his private life and you know uh one
of the reason why we moved from Houston
to Hawaii three years ago was you know
Ryan's education we felt like you know
we should explore a different location
to raise kid and at that time it was
during the pandemic it was difficult for
kids to to go outside or make friends
the only way for him to connect with his
friends were through iPad or zoom and
even go to school it was over the remote
so is is the business also based out
there or is sunlight entertainment like
oh it's hou so do you travel between cuz
you know you guys travel from Hawaii to
Houston well he mainly does how how
often I would say every other month
every other month and and you're there
like thinking about like the like the
videos that are coming out the like what
is a day at sunline entertainment look
like so they are producing all different
kind of contents they do animation and
also live action too if it's live action
a lot of times uh we oversee but also we
we participate on on the filming side
too so when both L and I go to Houston
very often we just film with the team
and animation and other uh
post-production process will just
oversee uh remotely and then give them a
direction uh we also partner with
multiple Studio Animation Studios in
Japan so I travel to Japan wow um every
other month to to kind of oversee the
operation and from the team in Japan as
well wow you guys are doing so many
different things I'm wondering if you
could break down the pie chart of Ryan's
World in terms of like you guys have
products you guys have the show um you
know you guys made $30 million last year
reportedly like you could correct me on
that what does that look like in terms
of a breakdown of like what's coming
from what last year I'd say I'd say like
30% was coming from the um and I might
be wrong Park Park it's about 30% coming
from the consumer product and then
another 30% coming from the AdSense and
remaining is like gaming publishing and
then also other contents outside of
YouTube and sponsorship deals what's the
biggest AdSense uh check you've gotten
in a month we do YouTube for kids which
the Adon rate is a lot lower than the
general audience so yeah you'll be
shocked how low the rate is rate is uh
so after the uh the Target ad was
removed our Revenue went down by
70% after just that that day so what was
this day for people that don't have
contest oh okay so um the uh uh FTC um I
guess prohibited the the target ads for
the uh the May for kids content from
YouTube after a certain point and that
you know the Target ad takes a big role
on the YouTube and after that point you
know that's majority of the revenue the
add Revenue so after that was taken out
from the kids content yeah we lost
revenue of 70% but way years before that
happened we knew you know that would
happen eventually so we thought the far
first priority of starting a company was
diversifying our Revenue sources just
relying solely on YouTube is not the the
way to grow business so we you know
quickly uh reach out to pocket watch we
thought we could through collaboration
we could create the uh product lines and
we also could start something outside of
the YouTube platform original contents
so that's what we did and that really
helped us keep going many other kids
creators after that change they stop
producing
contents um but you know demands are
still there it just it's hard to
maintain it because you know you need
the budget to to produce great content
for kids uh we thought you know by
diversifying the the revenue sources we
thought we could keep and maintain
theity quity of our kids content that
that's amazing that you guys are
thinking you know two steps ahead has
the business ever recovered on the
AdSense side to get even higher than
what it was before the FTC change no
never never yeah and now you shorts
become the prominent part of the YouTube
right and all all the other platforms
Tik Tok in a short form is is a very a
majority of the the contents there the
the revenue sorry the ad rate for the
short content is extremely low compared
to long form so that's another the
struggle to people more drawn to the
shorts now so it's harder to make
monetized content yeah yeah no we we had
a chance to I spoke at an event at
Walmart and had a chance to speak with
them about how your success has now led
to like Mr Beast like Logan Paul like
opening up the door for more Creator
products so it's interesting that you
guys are diversifying so early um what
do you think about like as a dad again I
think about when um I put my daughter in
front of the TV she watches YouTube she
doesn't know what's sponsored content
versus organic um you guys were
investigated by the FDC about that like
how do you think about like what you
choose as a sponsored piece of content
because that's part of the business and
diversification so important versus not
I guess clear division is the uh whether
you're endorsed or not right if you
receive the free product or if you have
received any monetize monetize uh from
the company to promote the uh uh the
certain products then I think that's the
uh uh promotion that's the commercial so
that's where we draw the line and that's
exct the guideline from the FTC too
we've been doing that um it just you
know just the language the few language
that it was a little bit we have to find
tune it but you know at that time it was
very new the internet in stre the U the
streaming was very new so FTC theirself
didn't didn't have the a clear guideline
so I felt like it's almost like we
collaborate and made the a clear
guideline together yeah through the
process and I feel like a lot of uh
influencers now follow that guideline
and including our myself and it's it's
safer than ever I feel like a lot of
creat even today are still learning like
how to disclose properly it's like
YouTube is still in many ways the wild
west but like those regulations that you
know um are now like more Forefront and
you guys helping Pioneer that is so
important Ryan I'm also curious like U
like you know you're on track to be a
teenage billionaire doing YouTube but I
remember being your age and just
changing my mind every day in terms of
what I wanted to be when I grew up you
know I wanted to be an astronaut uh then
I wanted to be an NBA player um I'm
curious like what do you want to be when
you grow up when I grow up I want to be
like an animator I think it's really fun
to do because like the drawing and then
like at the end you get to see the whole
thing and see what you've like worked on
the whole time and like sometimes I can
see uh like the drafts first and then
after I can see like the full thing and
it's really cool to see how it changes
over time yeah you the front line seeing
the each process of Animation in a way
CU first you know um before we start
working on animation we get the script
right and then you read through they
take the your audio and then based on
that they're trying to to match the
timing of the actions of the characters
um so you see that part right very rough
cut of it it's called animatics you see
just very rough sketches of the
animation so you've seen that portion of
the animation for the movie and then you
have to re record again when they have
finished all the animation it's all
colored it's all finalized and then you
re-record again so you saw the scene
from very sketchy animatics all the way
to the the movie quality animation is
there a day where the YouTube channels
will be fully animation like Ryan are
you going to keep making YouTube videos
giving your interest to be an animator
and maybe go behind the camera like as
you get older I think I will keep going
for a while yeah yeah what do you guys
think of giv Ryan's interest in
animation and like drawing and uh you
know that takes a lot of like work
behind the scenes and sometimes it be
hard to be on camera at the same time
like how do you guys think about the
future of the channel um and how much of
that relies on having a human component
as your kids get older you know one
thing we're thinking about is we want to
make sure we K to the existing fan and
five to eight years old already our core
demographic but the same time Ryan's
growing up and then he has new interests
we want to C toward his new interest as
well new new um new field so maybe we'll
start a new one and then this this
Ryan's world channel the existing one
maybe yeah like you said anime the
character could take over a little bit
and we probably start casting some other
on camera kid kid talents and on camera
Talent who could carry same Essence that
Ryan had so we still harness the same
connection we established through these
past years with the fans he might not
think I I don't know how he feels about
college but we have expressed that
that's the goal that we want for him is
to attend college yeah ultimately he
decides and we never really push him to
do anything that he doesn't want to do
but you know we think it's a great
opportunity for him to go to college and
just meet with his peers who had the
same interest we want him to experience
that so you know we continue just kind
of showing him that side of the good
side of the going to college and
continuing education but you know at you
decide maybe you know the world's
different by the time you grow up so
we'll see yeah no I think there's a lot
of social skills to still learn and
interact with folks and I remember like
looking back like can I remember
everything I learned in the classroom I
don't know but can I remember the
friendships and relationships and things
I learned outside of it that help me
today absolutely so I think that's again
another way you guys are thinking ahead
um in many ways your family also
represents the American dream I mean you
guys immigrated here from Japan Vietnam
um met at Texas Tech uh and created all
of this um I'm curious like like I I
mean there's like people creating wealth
and I feel like you guys have created
generational wealth uh H how do you
think about the future of that as a
family yeah the managing this scale of
the business this scale of the finance
so when we we first saw the success
initial success of the YouTube you know
that was the first thing we kind of
learned how to manage assets for our
kids and then for his future kids uh so
trust fund and then multiple different
um uh the Health Management uh uh um
groups Who oversee Ryan's Finance so so
you know there's a lot of kid talent you
know you see on the news that they
regret how the manage how money was
managed when they were little so you
know that's one thing we want to make
sure is when he grows up you know his
assets are maintained and and even grow
grow um when when he's at the right age
you know he has the uh um uh the money
that he could use for his new future
project when he grows up so we um
setting up multiple different accounts
right now
um at the moment yeah because I know
Hollywood has the cougan account where
they keep money for child actors 15% put
in a fund um it sounds like you guys are
doing something similar and kind of
setting a precedent for other kids on
YouTube is that is that is that right
yeah that's completely right and you
know if you think about it 15% is not
that much so kouan the law is bare
minimum right for for kids uh we're
going up up and beyond for Ryan's
mystery play dat we put 100% of the
Ryan's Talent fee to his uh cougan
account and for his trust account too
you we make sure he has a stake of the
company company and you know that's a
one way that we feel like we can set him
his uh course for his future so oh wow
so if somebody would have asked like how
much does Ryan get to keep of all this
the answer is 100% for for his TB
series and equity in the ownership as
well yeah the ownership of the
percentage of the ownership of the
company goes to his trust account too
wow yeah real quick I want to thank the
sponsor today's video Factor you know as
a Creator my day is packed with editing
writing and filming and honestly after a
day of work I just don't have the time
to cook a meal and sometimes I order
delivery which quickly adds up both in
terms of cost and my diet but that's
where Factor comes in Factor delivers
fresh never Frozen dietitian approved
meals right to my door these Chef
crafted meals are ready to eat in Just 2
minutes which means I could skip the
grocery stores the cooking and the
cleanup plus Factor options for
different dietary needs like smart keto
vegan or vegetarian plus they have over
60 add-ons every week from smoothies to
snacks to my personal favorite the
shredded chicken taco bowl with roasted
corn salsa and the best part factor is
not just convenient it's actually
cheaper than all the other takeout
options I used to order and it's way
better tasting so click the link below
factor75.com and use the code USI 50 to
get 50% off your first Factor box and
20% off your next month of orders that's
code USI 50 at Factor $75
to get 50% off your first box plus 20%
off your next month all right now back
to the video what's been the hardest no
you guys have gotten because so many
times I talked to creators with a huge
audience and still when they're trying
to move into traditional they're trying
to do things like movies they still get
rejections they get knows what's been
the toughest rejection for you guys to
face well I mean the movie was
definitely a struggle first right uh
because you know it was during the
pandemic time too uh a lot of the
Productions a lot of the Distributors
are uh kind of scaling back on the new
contents at the time economy wasn't that
great either so for ourself too you know
we had to put a big stake on the movie
production we we finan it along with the
pocket watch together uh for this movie
production we we put oursel a big bet on
this movie because the Distributors um
you know didn't believe in at first um
but you know after showing them the um
our cut I think they all super excited
about it they're very supportive but
yeah in the beginning it was really hard
to show them what we're creating cuz you
know it's never been done before and it
was during the difficult time pandemic
and and and bad economy well that sounds
so crazy to me to hear like they like
weren't sure about like the Distributors
were questioning your distribution like
why why why do you think that isoss yeah
crossplatform is always difficult right
yeah um you know maybe we're popular and
we bring in people for the YouTube but
not might not be the case for the
theater there a lot of YouTubers went on
Netflix right and then they made they
may not succeed but yeah there are some
cases where it didn't really do well so
for the streaming so you know so they
were referencing those yeah yeah yeah as
you guys were trying to get this movie
made and there's some rejections along
the way but now I feel like all the
distributor they all super excited the
whole industry is excited about they
paying attention to what we're doing now
for next month so hopefully we can prove
to the whole industry that this is um
high demand category of the film
industry the influencer could be the uh
they can film movie around the
influencers um you know Ryan's probably
the first but you know they're going to
be maybe different categories may not be
kids but maybe for grown-ups you know so
yeah and there's already other creators
like yes Theory made a movie called
project Iceman like raraka made a movie
with a24 so it's really cool to see that
and I think the responsibility that
you're feeling that if you do well that
opens the other doors um is really
interesting um to flip it around what's
a time that you rejected a brand or some
who came up to you and like hey we want
to work for you and you're like you know
what that's not a fit like I was talking
to dude perfect and they told me a story
about how in their early days um they
rejected a brand deal with Budweiser
because they wanted to be a
familyfriendly channel you know and I
think so much of that helps dictate like
the channel that you've built today
what's been the biggest sponsorship that
you've said no to what's been the
biggest deal that you're like that's not
a fit for us so when you were little I I
said a lot of no to the um the stuff
that's a little bit aged up like the
gaming stuff was just he was too young
for it so we focused more on toys and
now he's older So lately our Focus
shifted from Toys to gaming so we
partner with Nintendo we partner with
AMD um we only because we think it's a
right kind um right moment for Ryan so
we start scaling back on the toys a bit
right now because he's 12 years old and
saying accepting more for the gaming for
the AMD partnership we did we build the
uh the gaming desktop together right
from scratch that was a fun experience
that's not something I would say yes
when he was younger but there it's
always like a right moment right project
so um you know there's a time to time
where we said no just because R was too
young or too old I know the um president
of pocket watch uh Chris Williams said
that um SpongeBob is the Nickelodeon as
Ryan is to YouTube in this next
generation first of all how does a quote
like that make you feel like that's a
big big statement
oh SpongeBob and you oh what do you
think right pretty big did you grow up
watching SpongeBob or was that like
past your
generation I think a little bit when I
was younger I think I watched a little
bit of you watch definitely Pap Patrol
when you're growing up yeah um I'm I'm
curious as you think about expanding the
Empire um like why a movie like like
like so many things like you guys
already have a huge audience um you
you're able to like create and reach
them um right away like how did you
think about making a movie and then
what's the most surprising thing that
you think YouTubers don't realize about
making a featurelength picture it's a
you know definitely a big crossover from
the shortest form of content to the
longest form um and it's very right now
it's um never been done before so we
don't know what the outcome is but you
know we're really optimistic we feel
very excited about it because you know
this is it's very Rarity multiple
influencers coming together in one film
working together and um you know if this
does succeed then it opens the door for
the lot of creators and you know being
able to see the influence that they see
daily on uh on their tablet on their uh
on smartphone being able to see them on
a big screen is really exciting moment
for the fans too because we um you know
established this together with the fans
without the fans we couldn't have been
here so so being able to Cate this new
chapter new project with his fans is is
we're super excited about that moment
yeah the movie is going to go out right
now in 2,100 theaters across the US
potentially more potentially
International was there ever discussion
about putting it out on YouTube and just
having it reach your millions of fans
there you know that was one of the idea
but you know in order to justify the uh
the cost of the budget you know we want
to make sure we set the budget certain
way where we feel like it's worth going
into the uh uh big screen or or or
theatrical so we want to make sure you
know we wanted to put in theater we put
in the uh um the streaming uh after so
we can set the certain budget so it'll
be different scale than the our daily
YouTube videos yeah and I know you're
working with you know Shen animation in
Japan like one one of the animation
houses uh if you had to break down like
the cost of your average like daily
YouTube videos versus the cost of this
movie like what is that roughly 100
times more thousand times more what's
the average cost of a YouTube video on
your channel the cheapest one be just
nothing right almost yeah we just take
out our iPhone for that day and then
just film us doing some board games or
skits that just using stuff we have
around the house so yeah could be
nothing I mean the cost is I guess to to
hire someone to help us edit yeah yeah
the video but um yeah I say about a
couple thousand dollars right yeah how
much does this film cost
millions of dollars ni so that
difference was really scary to us and
then it won't be published until like
years later we have to plan like two
three years earlier and it was scary
because we don't know what the trend is
on the YouTube we making videos for next
week or or next day we know what the
trend is currently but for the movie we
can't really estimate what the world is
by then so just kind of thinking ahead
process was something we never done
before uh but it was fun you know it was
thinking about like future new future of
kids you know when we think about the
script for the movie we thought about
what Ryan M and Kate would be by then in
two three years you know M and K never
done TV before with Ryan Ryan's been
doing Four Seasons um TV but M and Kate
never done it because they were too
young but when we came up with the
script we put big role with M and Kate
because in two years we we knew they're
GNA be ready yeah and those are your
twins yes who are seven years old right
now um how do you think about involving
them in the content in the family
business well when you know when they
grew up watching Ryan right and so
they're always um inspired by their
older brother and so I mean in the first
few years I kind of film them now and
then but it's kind of just like a vlog
style it's not
anything um you know the kind of like I
don't want to say background character
but they're kind of their sort of thing
but you know once they reach a certain
age um they they told me they're ready
to just start making videos where you
know they can do it by themselves you
know without Ryan being in it without
you know a help of anybody else and so
you know they they really enjoy the
whole process they love watching themsel
after um and I always try to make it fun
for them and the movie was also a big
step for them because right going from
YouTube video where I'm just filming or
my husband's just filming no scripts
right no redo versus going versus the
movie where there's directors there's
multiple cameras that might have to redo
a scene multiple takes and memorizing
script was a big deal that I we thought
you know like they said they're ready
but are they you know but they nailed it
they they did everything um the director
was very impressed by the way that they
handle the script and I'm just very
proud of them I'm curious what were
those days on set like uh for the movie
how many people are we talking about
like being there with you guys like
around 20 30 yeah like 20 20 30 Cru yeah
yeah oh wow h house was all kind of
crumbled together huh yeah and did you
get to give input on the script like the
character and the like the the red Titan
uh the main character of the movie is
based on you like how much input could
you give Ryan on terms of like I like
this line I want to change this like how
involved were you I think sometimes I
could give some input like maybe if the
line didn't make sense or if there's
something better to say I could be like
oh maybe we could change it to this I
mean we started you know we have no
background in any of this right like we
I mean I was a chemistry teacher and
Sean was structure engineer we have we
never done any theater you probably
could tell by my acting but you know
we're just regular people I don't even
know anybody in the entertainment
industry so for us to just go from just
a regular family you know immigrant
family for me and just be able to just
create from scratch right and then now
like a full length feature movie on the
big screen like that's a big step and I
hope people realize
that you know like if we can do it you
guys can do it too just follow your
passion I wanted to show you this graph
of your viewership and it shows that
like in the past year like according to
tubular Labs your views have gone up 37%
month over month which is crazy for a
Channel at your size and of your age um
what is some of the things you're doing
uh on the content side and what does an
average shoot day look like for you guys
I mean behind the scene like we always
Sean and I always think about you know
how what is the you know how to make it
efficient as much as we we want to
expand and do more like I'm we are very
mindful of Ryan's time so we try not to
do a lot of big scale video shoot we try
not to do a lot of videos where it
required a lot of time consuming things
we produce 20 videos each week but then
a lot of times you know many many of
them Ryan's only in intro kind of
introducing the video and the rest is
carried by animated characters on camera
in Houston that was U um one of the
reason why we were able to kind of keep
this pace um on the YouTube you have to
be able to publish video with a certain
pacing yeah to stay relevant um but we
didn't really want to follow that
schedule for Ryan's sake for us like the
big thing is you know we want Ryan to
have the most normal childhood possible
so when he's a grownup and he looked
back in his childhood I don't want him
to think as if like oh I've been I'm I'm
making videos all the time I don't want
him to think you know that he was a
YouTuber I want him to think oh I had a
great childhood spending time with my
friends and family I skateboard it I
swim and I also do YouTube essentially
like YouTube has become like a
babysitter for a lot of people in their
households um how do you think about the
content that you're putting out in front
of them it's it's like a feeding kids uh
nutritious food and sometimes you want
to feed your kid snacks and sweets right
you can always just feed them broccoli
so our content is kind of mixture of
that sometimes we have educational
contents very informative and and and
engaging and enriching sometimes we have
a really fun video where it's like
unboxing toys or doing challenges with a
family so I think the most important
part is a balance you know both contents
are very important kids drawn to both
contents but you know too much of
educational content is just is it's uh
too much information for kids to digest
and it's overwhelming and also just High
engaging um High pacing content it's fun
for kids to watch but then you know it's
not going to help them their attention
span so we always trying to make sure
the content that we create is well
balance are there some values or like
messages that you're trying to think
about more than others when you think
about the content um cuz it's funny like
how much of that like children remember
as they get older it's interesting
because we're YouTuber it kind of helps
if people if kids watch continuously
watch our content but our goal is to
inspire them outside of the uh the
screen something we done with the
YouTube Team YouTube kit team was uh
they introduced uh uh shorts for uh
YouTube kids app as well and at that
time they ask us to to film a video um
where it's placed as ad okay so you guys
watch shorts for you know this much
hours this much amount let's put down
the iPad and let's take a break so there
was ad from YouTube kids team that they
created to asking kids to to take a
break from watching and I thought it was
really interesting and it's something
that we also value too it's um I think
we uh concerned about the uh addiction
toward the screens and tablets for kids
uh that's part of the reason why we send
our kids to summer camp and without any
Electronics so you know we want to do
the same approach for our contents to
not just having them just constantly
watch our content but Inspire them
something outside the screen so I I want
to bring it back and Ryan just make me
feel old for a second uh what year were
you born in I was born in 2011 okay all
right and help me finish this sentence
um if somebody was born in the year
blank they're old oh be careful Ryan
okay 80 okay okay I'm still I'm still
good I'm still nine oh okay oh all right
all right all right U I feel like a lot
of people are breathing easier um um but
but still I feel like so many people are
curious like what's the next Generation
watching and I can't think of anybody
better than you to answer that question
question um so I'm curious what videos
creators are you watching right
now huh well I normally don't watch like
singular creators I just like to watch
like uh a lot of different ones usually
about video games like Minecraft and
Roblox do you like Mr Beast content what
do you think about Mr Beast uh I think
sometimes like it's really cool I think
his content is really good and sometimes
I like watch it
so yeah I think it's just really cool
have you ever had a conversation with
Jimmy or or anybody on the Beast team
have you guys like because I feel like
they're doing stuff in you know Walmart
they're expanding their Universe the IP
like like do you guys have conversations
with yeah I met with uh Jimmy before um
I think before he started doing the
licensing business he had a lot of
different visions of you know how to
Branch out from YouTube and you know
after several years talking to him you
know he started the old different
chocolate business hamburgers and all
these massive uh production um budget
videos and he now contract with Amazon
so yeah all the things that he mentioned
at that time years ago it all came true
so well I mean you guys are doing a lot
of that as well just for a different
demographic um you've obviously REO
reviewed a ton of toys like like what
what makes a good toy or what's been
your favorite toy to review recently I
think toys
like that you can play with for a long
time like fidget toys are just really
fun cuz you can fidget with them I'm
just so curious cuz I feel like so many
things have changed since I was a kid
and I look at some of these toys I'm
like they could do what now and uh and
you guys have obvious seen a lot of them
do you see like things that like really
capture your attention more than you
impressed by the the Transformers toys
that we've been we voice command oh yeah
those are really cool like you say
something and then it does like if you
say attack it starts like attacking and
saying some voice lines I was just
rewatching the Transformers movies again
and uh it's crazy that they built that
franchise after the toys oh really yeah
yeah oh yeah like um the toys the
Transformers toys were in Japan yeah I
heard and then they wanted to bring them
to the states and they actually a lot of
people don't know this they commissioned
Marvel to make the first comic book
series based on Transformers and create
characters like Optimus Prime and
Bumblebee and then later we have the
shows the movies and all that so it's
interesting how toys can lead to beloved
brand franchises right I'm curious do
your friends also say they want to
become YouTubers like uh do they want to
like do other jobs like what what are
your friends
think and say about what you do on
YouTube um they think it's like a really
cool job and some of them like want to
try how how they could do it I guess
yeah have you ever helped your friends
make
videos um not really but I just give
them advice if they ask me what kind of
advice just like do what you want to do
and then like uh believe in yourself m
it's well said um what about you uh L
Sean like what advice would you give to
other parents whose kids want to be
YouTubers knowing how hard it is to make
it um was almost like an athlete like
you want to be an athlete there's like
playing basketball at the local park but
to make it to the NBA to make it on
YouTube it's very hard like um what
advice would you give today to other
parents who trying to do what you guys
have done if you're watching the
interview this far then you're going to
love my newsletter created news just go
to created. newws and every week you'll
get a breakdown of the best thumbnails
on YouTube why they got you to click
you'll get a breakdown of the best
outliers and the best performing videos
and why they got you to watch and you'll
get the latest in the news for creators
and why it matters to you and how to
make sense of it just go to created.
newss and it's going to be the best
email that you're going to get in your
inbox I promise all right back to the
interview I mean one good thing about
the YouTube and also Tik Tok is the
flexibility on for your schedule and no
commitment so it's easy to film and and
it's easy to post so really you know I
think you the most important part is
that the parents if they're filming kids
make sure it's keeping it fun um
engaging and you know don't film all the
time just always just set the pace
initially and then try and stick with it
or if you feel like the kids it's too
much for kids and always adjust it to to
to film less often but we always just
look at the our kids and then see if
current filming schedule works for them
and if it doesn't if they need more
break then we always just just decide
not to film
you know just upside for YouTube is you
can always take a break you know it's
it's hard sometimes the more you video
you put initially the more viewership
more subscriber you gain but you know if
you look at the long term you have to
think about your own health and your
kids health too so you know you just
kind of have to set the uh uh the right
pacing has there ever been a big video
that you wanted to film but maybe Ryan
you weren't as interested or you want to
take a break you're like you know what
we're not going to make this video right
now definitely like the TV series at
first I think I said we said no in
initially to the TV series right I think
it was a year before we started um
talking about the TV but you know we
thought Ryan was just too young this was
the TV show with Nickelodeon yeah so
that conversation you know started a few
years earlier but you know we initially
wasn't too up for it first because you
know I think Ryan was just too young he
was five and we didn't want to you know
put Ryan in LA for like a whole year
just to shoot the TV series but you know
the pocket watch team was so creative
about the uh coming up the production
schedule where it works with Ryan
scholing so during only summertime they
film the One season and they film the
each season kind of like a more game
show style where there's multiple
cameras filming him at the same time
from different angles so they don't have
to ask him to do reshoot a lot so you
know we were able to film one episode a
day during the summertime
time so yeah good thing that you know we
you know we said no first and then we
all came together and then thought you
know think about what what would be the
uh the feasible option to to film is
there any other creative ways they've
been able to make the production or make
videos work while allowing Ur to have
like a childhood that's similar to other
kids even this movie right they were
able to be very accommodating you know
he goes to summer camp and we said he
can only film before summer camp or
after summer camp we will not pull them
out of summer camp to do this project
and they're very understanding and
that's why we love working with them
because they also value you know his
time as much as we value his time and
they they made it work I mean I'm sure
behind the scen they were very stressed
out right trying to make everything work
within a very limited time that we gave
them so they pulled through so Ryan did
you ever want to be like spend more time
making the videos because I remember
being a kid I was like oh my God like
maybe it's because I was growing up in
the midwest I was like Hollywood movies
like I I want to see what that's all
about even though I had no idea like did
you ever tell your parents like no no I
want to be in more videos I want to do
more I think when I was a kid uh I had
lots of fun doing the videos like with
my sisters and with my parents cuz like
it's just really engaging and fun for me
and I loved like making the videos
because I got to like play with the toys
and talk to camera play with my sisters
it's just really fun throughout the
whole whole video you know they say
parents learn a lot from their kids um
and obviously like kids learn a lot from
their parents um I'm curious Ryan what's
one thing you've learned from your
parents as you guys have grown a family
a business together and what's one thing
uh Sean and Luan you guys have learned
from each other or from Ryan well one
thing I've learned from my mom is that
she always tells me to like persevere
and to never give up on my
goals and that's just stuck with me and
that's very good advice and one thing
from my dad is like to be like an honest
person and do the right things in my
life what's a goal that you have right
now I mean I want to get better at
tennis because I really like playing it
yeah and what's a moment that you've
persevered and your mom gave you that
advice
maybe when I was studying for my satsat
so I could get into a school in Hawaii
uh I didn't really like it
but I just pushed
through because uh my mom said like keep
going and then it'll be worth it in the
end and I got into the school that I
went for so wow I was expecting you to
say something YouTube related like like
the video got a 10 out of 10 it didn't
do well like it's a it's really
refreshing to hear that do you ever look
at the YouTube studio app or do you ever
think about the views of the videos or
no I never really look at the analytics
yeah do you guys we do yeah yeah I mean
but you know we want to make sure you he
only exposed to the fun part of the
YouTube in filming so all the boring
stuff like looking at analytics studying
it and managing you know the team is
going we trying to take the uh take that
role yeah yeah and what about you guys
what's one thing you've learned from
Ryan or from each other what I love
about Sean and Ryan is that um I mean I
always tell them to don't give up but
they I'm so glad that they always take
my advice and not give up and I I need
to learn do that for myself you know
doing no I mean I just feel like um they
are the like I'm a very competitive
person but you know and I when every
time that I feel like um like if I'm
going to play a game and I feel as if
I'm not going to win I just rather not
play but my husband and Ryan what I love
about them is that they don't care that
they're going to lose you know so if
they lose they don't get upset or mad
about it what they do is they learn they
take it as a learning experience right
and so they can get better every time
and um so what I'm saying is I need to
take that advice for myself you know
yeah do you get competitive about
YouTube or the movies like we want this
to be number one in the box office or
like does that play into this world um
not for me I mean I obviously I hope for
it to be successful you know but um
because like I said I was a I'm a very
um competitive person by Nature I
actually
all the analytics everything else like
my husband looks at it and not me like I
just yeah yeah cuz I I really want to
concentrate on just being a mom and just
uh be there for my kids they the kids do
a lot of extracurricular activities
outside of just the the YouTube stuff
and uh I just want to be stress free
from the YouTube stuff so I can focus on
them what are you Shan you know I never
seen Ryan getting nervous you know even
going up on the stage with DJ KH for the
last time he went to the Kids Choice
Award until the moment he goes up on
stage he was just playing on his iPad
playing Minecraft and he went up on
stage with the DJ kid and Ryan threw
some uh kind of improv additional lines
because he felt like he didn't get
enough lines so he started going off of
script and just made people laugh more
just him being confident and being
himself no matter whether it's on camera
off camera in front of certain people or
different you know many people he's
always himself he never changes and
that's something you know I I I think
it's incredible I wish I learned that
from him just that confidence that he
has it is something I always kind of
look up to and then trying to learn it
from my own son wow what does that make
you feel hearing that from your death
very because I'm extreme yeah I'm
extremely shy right I can't really talk
in public like you do but I know I
always feel proud every time I go to his
school presentation or he had he's in
the improv class so sometime they have a
Showcase of the their improv skits and
you know I was just excited to see it
because seeing my son how confident he
is going out there and just making other
people laugh um it's um you know I can I
feel like that's something that's a
attribute any leadership role should
have is the um the confidence in leading
people and in believing theirself and at
this his age at 12 years old he already
have that is something I feel really
proud as a parent do you feel like like
how big has YouTube played in that
because I feel like to be on camera on
YouTube you have to be a good actor you
have to be a good presenter you have to
be confident like do you feel like
that's played a a big role like the
videos and and and being in those yeah
for sure and you know one thing I
thought it was incredible about Ryan was
he knew there's a people behind the
camera that watching Ryan and when we
recording he was not just talking to the
camera he was talking through the lens
he was talking to his fans and his his
friends that's that I feel like it made
a difference in our video that made it
authentic that the viers really feel
that and you know they feel like there
is a special connection with their self
with Ryan because Ryan was directly
talking to them it's amazing to hear
that your dad talk about your confidence
do do you ever feel any
pressure um not a lot uh not usually
yeah that's amazing like uh I I I feel
like I mean like seeing like uh like all
the different moving pieces that are
involved with like YouTube and running a
business is easy to feel that yeah we
try to Shield him from any of the you
know the the the business part right we
really want to keep it fun um for him as
much as possible yeah so when you guys
look ahead like any other projects that
you're most excited about like the
future of the channel like how do you
think about the future of Ryan's world
and your business and your family you
know right now I feel like we're at the
uh tipping point where like the movie
was it's a great moment and from there
you know we want to kind of um step
aside and think about what we want to go
Ryan's attorning 13 years old this year
so he's turning teenager so we're
thinking about do we want to introduce
something like that align with his age
like more for pre align to the pre-teen
demographic or we want to stay on with
the uh going more for the animation
that's something we were kind of
debating right now but you know I feel
like there's high demand for uh old
demographic for Ryan so we're kind of
thinking about it but I want to make
sure you know Ryan's time is well
balanced and you know he's doing really
well at school right now so maybe main
focus is his school yeah if he came to
you and said hey Dad I want to be an
engineer and Mom I want to be a teacher
like you um you know I don't would do
you say like it's it's okay to like
leave all all of this behind if if like
Ryan were to call it quits like what
what what would happen to pursue
something else yeah for sure because you
know like he got into snowboard so much
right so I think last year how many
times we went to Japan for snowboard
like four four or five times we went to
to Japan so he can snowboard so once he
has passion you know we get excited
about it too we go all all in so we
decid to go to to Japan every moment
that we could go even during this summer
he snowboarded it was in Oregon so they
still had the one ski resort still open
during the summer break so we took him
there he practiced snowboard still so
you know if he finds his passion you
know we all full supported and whether
it's outside of YouTube or not you know
we don't really mind any final words
Ryan any other advice or things that you
want to share just always believe in
yourself right on well I think that's a
perfect note to end on it's amazing how
you believed in Ryan uh your daughters
and uh and just what you're doing is
incredible so congratulations